---
title: "Natural Language Understanding for Enterprise Corpora: From Signal to Decision Support"
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/dummy.JPG"
  #caption: 'Photo by <a href="me">me</a> on <a href="me">me</a>'
excerpt: "<br/>TBD, TBD, TBD<br/>"
---

<h2>Introduction</h2>

Natural language understanding (NLU) for enterprise corpora has gained remarkable attention over the last few years. Enterprise corpora are datasets that are generated by, or curated for the purpose of supporting business operations. There is also a wide variety of enterprise corpora to consider, including, but not limited to, legal contracts, reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, loan documents, market data, product reviews, customer feedback records, business call transcripts as well as news articles and social media posts about a company. Because of the huge business value embedded in these corpora, companies look to invest in resources that will help them effectively analyze the growing volume of enterprise data.
 
The volume, domain, semantic complexity, and structural integrity of the enterprise corpora largely depend on their application within the business, but very commonly some level of subject matter expertise is required to process them properly. For example, financial analysts analyze management presentations to extract a company’s earnings and expenses in an effort to evaluate the expected return on equity investments. Lawyers thoroughly research case histories to find potentially relevant arguments. Sales teams use customer feedback and call transcripts to shape business strategy. The signal in these corpora can have a critical impact on various decisions related to business operations.
 
Human analysis of enterprise corpora is often complicated by the pressure to deliver detailed and accurate insights in a timely manner. Many companies employ large teams to process immense pools of documents. But making timely business decisions sometimes depends on an almost spontaneous comprehension of, and reaction to the signal, which is impossible with manual analysis. The documents and analysis requirements can constantly evolve, further complicating human oversight. Additionally, as the volume of unstructured data grows at a nearly exponential rate, the manual approach becomes increasingly unsustainable.
 
With the recent advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms and systems, the accuracy and speed of many natural language processing tasks have tremendously improved. Reacting to this wave, business operations have tapped into their power to automate the understanding of formal (or informal) language in business contexts. But in order to uncover critical signals from large-scale corpora to support important business decisions, academic researchers and industry practitioners encounter unprecedented challenges in designing competent natural language understanding and processing algorithms and systems. Some of the challenges include the complexity of language and subtlety of signal in specialized domains, low signal to noise ratio, scarcity of gold labels, task ambiguity, and strict precision and recall requirements to support key business decisions.	
 
These challenges and also prospects call for new natural language understanding techniques and systems to help in the automated processing of unstructured corpora for signals and insights. They also constitute, more often than not, a drive to research new techniques and add nuance to existing theory to accommodate the phenomena that are manifest in the enterprise corpora and applications. The nuanced and complex nature of these NLU problems require the joint collaboration of academic researchers and industry practitioners, and our workshop attempts to make this possible by creating a venue that brings them together for effective knowledge-sharing.

<h2 id="dates">Important Dates</h2>
<center>
<table style="width: 90%">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Paper Submission Deadline</td>
            <td>Friday</td>
            <td>TBD</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Notification of Acceptance</td>
            <td>Wednesday</td>
            <td>TBD</td>
        </tr>   
        <tr>
            <td>Early Registration Deadline </td>
            <td>TBD</td>
            <td>TBD</td>
        </tr>        
        <tr>
            <td>Late Registration Deadline</td>
            <td>Friday</td>
            <td>TBD</td>
        </tr>        
        <tr>
            <td>Workshop</td>
            <td>Friday &ndash; Saturday</td>
            <td>TBD</td>
        </tr>   
</tbody>
</table>
</center>

<h2 id='contact'>Contact Information</h2>
For general inquiries about the workshop and participation, please write to datascience.spglobal AT gmail.com.
